Update ML.NET CLI Install Guide (#25054)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/how-to-guides/install-ml-net-cli.md

You should see the help for available commands for the mlnet tool such as the 'classification' command.

> If you are running Linux or macOS, note that if you're using a console other than Bash (for example, zsh, which is the new default for macOS), then you'll need to give `mlnet` executable permissions and include `mlnet` to the system path. Instructions on how to do this should appear in the terminal when you install `mlnet` (or any global tool).
> 
> Alternatively, you can try using the following command to run the mlnet tool:
> 
> ```console
> ~/.dotnet/tools/mlnet
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you are running Linux or macOS, note that if you're using a console other than Bash (for example, zsh, which is the new default for macOS), then you'll need to give `mlnet` executable permissions and include `mlnet` to the system path. Instructions on how to do this should appear in the terminal when you install `mlnet` (or any global tool).
>
> Alternatively, you can try using the following command to run the mlnet tool:
> 
> ```console
> ~/.dotnet/tools/mlnet
> ```
```

You should see the help for available commands for the mlnet tool such as the 'classification' command.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you are running Linux or macOS, note that if you're using a console other than Bash (for example, zsh, which is the new default for macOS), then you'll need to give `mlnet` executable permissions and include `mlnet` to the system path. Instructions on how to do this should appear in the terminal when you install `mlnet` (or any global tool).
>
> Alternatively, you can try using the following command to run the mlnet tool:

> > 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
```

Reviewer: Fixing MD lint errors
